Extend commons.py to support a more complete G-code specification (#26)
voneiden/cq-cam: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Instructions

> - Fork the CadQuery repository, clone your fork and create a new branch to start working on your changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork the cq-cam repository, clone your fork and create a new branch to start working on your changes
```

- Create a conda development environment with something like: 

> `conda env create -n cq-cam-dev -f environment.yml`

Reviewer: An alternative approach here is to just setup the conda with cadquery instructions. I might add that later in, no need to include it now.

- Activate the new conda environment: 
conda activate cq-cam-dev
- Install `cq-cam`:

> `pip install -e .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pip install -e .`
`pip install -r requirements.txt`
`pip install -r requirements-dev.txt`
```

Probably..

> - Before making any changes verify that the current tests pass. Run pytest from the root of your cadquery clone, there should be no failures and the output will look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before making any changes verify that the current tests pass. Run pytest from the root of your cq-cam clone, there should be no failures and the output will look similar to this:
```

> - Start with the tests! How should CadQuery behave after your changes? Make sure to add some tests to the test suite to ensure proper behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start with the tests! How should cq-cam behave after your changes? Make sure to add some tests to the test suite to ensure proper behavior
```

- Make sure your tests have assertions checking all the expected results
- Add a nice docstring to the test indicating what the test is doing; if there is too much to explain, consider splitting the test in two!
- Go ahead and implement the changes
- Add a nice docstring to the functions/methods/classes you implement describing what they do, what the expected parameters are and what it returns (if anything)
- Update the documentation if there is any change to the public API
- Consider adding an example to the documentation showing your cool new feature!
- Make sure nothing is broken (run the complete test suite with pytest)

> - Run black to autoformat your code and make sure your code style complies with CadQuery's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run black to autoformat your code and make sure your code style complies with cq-cam's
```
